feat: custom css interface (#391)
ReadAlongs/Studio-Web: packages/web-component/README.md

}
```

> Here is a list of minimum classes you want to override:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of the minimum classes you want to override:
```

- .sentence\_\_word.theme--light
- .sentence\_\_word.theme--light.reading
- .sentence\_\_text.theme--light
- .sentence\_\_word.theme--dark
- .sentence\_\_word.theme--dark.reading
- .sentence\_\_text.theme--dark
- .sentence\_\_translation
- .sentence
- .paragraph
- .page\_\_container.theme--light (to set page background)

> [look at this sample stylesheet for idea](../studio-web/tests/fixtures/sentence-paragr-cust-css.css)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[look at this sample stylesheet to get an idea of what is needed](../studio-web/tests/fixtures/sentence-paragr-cust-css.css)
```

or maybe "for inspiration" or "for an example".
